hello everyone how's it going Chris here
with another black ops gameplay this
time I've got a free-for-all on launch
in this game I'm using the ak-47 with
dual mags perk wise using what we use in
hardline Pro steady aim pro and hacker I
believe it's another one I've pulled out
from my file share watching this back in
in theater mode and actually this was
one of the best things I love about
black ops is you know I've been able to
look back on games and I can see what
see what you did wrong you know learn
from mistakes they made and I just see
in this game players I made a few few of
silly mistakes that could have they
could have been kind of could've had a
better game it finishes it 30 and 5
which is pretty respectable score but 2
of those deaths I probably could have
could have done without see now just
just reckon with the kills in this early
stages I see this guy on the radar just
where is he there is that this guy
nearly got me just look they turn around
and pops him at last minute and now
basically just try where find someone
else I know my killstreaks my kills I
reckon how to get there get the next
kill streaks I'm running spy playing
napalm strike and dogs around now to
work it first ones come out to play
another spawn either side of this in
this center area so the usually people
who run towards the middle so I'm just
kind of waiting for someone to come out
but it looks a bit quiet at the moment
and this guy I heard he was only had the
jump on me but look they Meister
catching about the card in my eye and
just just peg him before he mice
together you got a shot off on me
so we go to Kush in catching the same
people and killed them once then they
respawn and mice to hit them again we're
just pretty annoying to them but quite
handy for me to build up those kills and
I think this guy is the one who would
just get some of my dogs into lust and
now so I throw a flash but he lost the
rule to live before mice to bonk him on
the head with it so I've got the dogs
now but this is the probably the the the
big mistake in this match I didn't call
my dogs in straightaway reason being as
I found from previous masters whenever
you get a chopper gunner or dogs or
gunship any sort of high kill streak it
just you end up getting people quitting
and leaving the gaming and it ends up
just been three people in the lobby so
where I've you know started just holding
on to my killstreaks until the you know
until the game gets until the later
stages of game mean something yeah about
halfway through now and this is a good
little tactic actually I saw that guy
was shooting me instead of poking my
head out of the door which obviously
he's gonna be aiming right out dropped
my Claymore down and ran off in the
opposite direction he's obviously gonna
chase chase after me and find a nice
surprise waiting for him and that's not
much to get me an easy kill now I've got
people shooting at me from all
directions I see that guy firing his
whatever gun it was the sniper up there
people throwing grenades at me so I'm
just running around like a crazy loon
and take a breather round this corner
waiting someone's come out nice -
luckily get him and then there's that
guy I know this is up on the balcony it
takes a sneaky peek around the corner
but runs off again nice too luckily get
him as well after turning around now
this isn't a little mistake I didn't - I
didn't account for the my little reload
having to prime the weapon so I jumped
out a little bit too soon and that gave
the other guy an advantage so I still
got a lot of napalm strike sucking up so
I dropped my little Claymore down and
hide in this room but
someone sees me through the window so
that that takes me by surprise look at
that the claim or just alerts me when
he's trying to get to get through the
opposite door so I decided to try and
find somewhere else but and I'm getting
shot in the process so I think I decided
I just did like stuff wait I'll just
call them all in at once
unfortunately yeah someone was just
conveniently walking into the room at
the same time so that's another death on
there yeah on the scoreboard I could
have probably avoided so the game's
coming to a close now I've just
unleashed the poppies they were going to
cause caused a nightmare to all the
other players and I've got rid of all
the the new palms that was stacking up
two guys behind me just a second
unfortunately the dog got one of them
but it's his body I mean this is meant
to be free for all but it's like a tag
team and then we're coming to a close
now think my dog got the last kill so
where it was 30 and 5 to 2 to finish the
game like I said there's a couple of
deaths in there that could probably
could have avoided but like so that's
the great thing about their sumo you can
watch these things back and find out
what you did wrong and find out what
tactics work so we're thanks for
watching and I'll catch you all later